hello guys welcome to this second
tutorial of the phantom world in this
tutorial we will explain how to put
cee station to the fcc that I love
say with this good from the station of
series comes prepared for the community
European economy and we are going to
to do is to put it as if it were the
American we got with this
We got to have more power the
station is valid and with that to be able to arrive more
far as you would do even though the
procedure would have to continue for
to access that, well, we have
four screws are worth these four
women that we have here is worth
we would remove the screws worth this
also once we remove the
screws
what are we going to be able to update our
our radio station through rc so are
from the page of de j
and well, this would be the station
we would remove here careful with the antenna
because I tell you it 's a little
Fucked up once we've got it
open as you see
tell you that we have 22 potentiometers
solar would be these two that we have
here it's worth this top would be
associated with the til when we have a gamer
with a cemus worth what he would do would be
that the movement of the camera towards
up and down with this you could
correct we could put it
here height that we see that focuses on
our camera and this one that we have
here down here
this other yellow would be to change
that frequency that is being said
normally by default it is rotated to the
left
we would take our
Screwdriver screwdriver that comes
with our phantom we would give
we would put the flat tip worth and
we would take with the screwdriver over
the potentiometer and turn it and masters
to the right once we have already rotated
on the right, the first
part of this change to the European because
I tell you this because apart from
this for how much I have researched
once we rip the rc
for
to calibrate our station or
update our software I realized
that still changing here via soft as
they were changing it and let's say that
I was still in the European then
once done this we would have to
connect
in the usb port you have it here
we would take an usb and connect it in
the usb output is in this part
so much does it serve you as for
to update
df to fcc for the issue of coverage of
the station to change to give it more
power and also consultative that for the
Updates theme is worth once
done this now I'm going to pass another
video where I'm going to
and explain how to update the software and
at last and finish changing him
but the system in the soft of c
fcc